# EdgeL2VpnTunnel

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **string** | The unique id of this L2 VPN tunnel. On updates, the id is required for the tunnel, while for create a new id will be generated. This id is not a VCD URN.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Name** | **string** | Name for the tunnel. | [default to null]
**Description** | **string** | Description for the tunnel. | [optional] [default to null]
**LocalEndpointIP** | **string** | The IP address of the local endpoint, which corresponds to the Edge Gateway the tunnel is being configured on.  | [default to null]
**RemoteEndpointIP** | **string** | The IP address of the remote endpoint, which corresponds to the device on the remote site terminating the VPN tunnel.  | [default to null]
**TunnelInterface** | **string** | The network CIDR block over which the session interfaces. | [optional] [default to null]
**PreSharedKey** | **string** | This is the Pre-shared key used for authentication, no specific format is required. | [optional] [default to null]
**ConnectorInitiationMode** | **string** | This is the mode used by the local endpoint to establish an IKE Connection with the remote site. The default is INITIATOR. &lt;ul&gt;   &lt;li&gt;INITIATOR - Local endpoint initiates tunnel setup and will also respond to incoming tunnel setup requests from the peer gateway.&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;RESPOND_ONLY - Local endpoint shall only respond to incoming tunnel setup requests, it shall not initiate the tunnel setup.&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;ON_DEMAND - In this mode local endpoint will initiate tunnel creation once first packet matching the policy rule is received, and will also respond to   incoming initiation requests.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**Enabled** | **bool** | Described whether the tunnel is enabled or not. The default is true. | [optional] [default to null]
**SessionMode** | **string** | The current session mode, one of either SERVER or CLIENT. &lt;ul&gt;   &lt;li&gt;SERVER - In which the edge gateway acts as the server side of the L2 VPN tunnel and generates peer codes to distribute to client sessions.&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;CLIENT - In which the edge gateway receives peer codes from the server side of the L2 VPN tunnel to establish a connection.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt;  | [default to null]
**PeerCode** | **string** | This property is a base64 encoded string of the full configuration for the tunnel, generated by the server-side L2 VPN session. An L2 VPN client session must receive and validate this string in order to successfully establish a tunnel, but be careful sharing or storing this code since it does contain the encoded PSK. Leave this property blank if this call is being used to establish a server-side session.  | [optional] [default to null]
**AttachedNetworks** | [**[]EntityReference**](EntityReference.md) | The list of OrgVDC Network entity references which are currently attached to this L2VPN tunnel.  | [optional] [default to null]
**StretchedNetworks** | [**[]EdgeL2VpnStretchedNetwork**](EdgeL2VpnStretchedNetwork.md) | The list of OrgVDC Network entity references which are currently attached to this L2VPN tunnel.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Logging** | **bool** | Whether logging for the tunnel is enabled or not. | [optional] [default to null]
**Version** | [***ObjectVersion**](ObjectVersion.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


